[New] Apply simple renderer to feature layer (#597)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-swift-samples: Shared/Samples/Apply simple renderer to feature layer/README.md

# Apply simple renderer to feature layer

Change the appearance of a feature layer with a renderer.

![Image of Apply simple renderer to feature layer sample](apply-simple-renderer-to-feature-layer.png)

## Use case

A feature layer hosted on ArcGIS Online has a preset renderer and will display in an ArcGIS Maps SDK application with that renderer. However, for example, the color associated with the original renderer may be unsuitable for a company with staff or clients who are color blind, or for presentation with a different set of basemap and operational layers. In these cases, the renderer on the feature layer's data can be set to a more suitable color.

## How to use the sample

> Use the button in the control panel to change the renderer on the feature layer. The original renderer displays orange circles, the diameters of which are proportional to carbon storage of each tree. When the simple renderer is applied, it displays the location of the trees simply as points of various colors.

Reviewer: Is this true based on setRenderer code?
```suggestion
Use the button in the control panel to change the renderer on the feature layer. The original renderer displays orange circles, the diameters of which are proportional to carbon storage of each tree. When the simple renderer is applied, it displays the location of the trees simply as points with random color.
```
